docs: update mining page for post-merge (#25904)
ethereum/go-ethereum: docs/_interface/mining.md

Ethash code is still part of Geth and it could be used to create a private 
proof-of-work network or testnet." %}

Blockchains grow when individual nodes create valid blocks and distribute them to 
their peers who check the blocks and add them to their own local databases. 
Nodes that add blocks are rewarded with ether payouts. On Ethereum Mainnet, 
the proof-of-stake consensus engine randomly selects a node to produce each 
block. 

Ethereum wasn't always secured this way. Originally, a proof-of-work based consensus 
mechanism was used instead. Under proof-of-work, block producers are not selected randomly
in each slot. Instead they compete for the right to add a block. The node that is fastest
to compute a certain value that can only be found using brute force calculations is the
one that gets to add a block. Only if a node can demonstrate that they have calculated 
this value, and therefore expended energy, will their block be accepted by other nodes. 
This process of creating blocks and securing them using proof-of-work is known 
as "mining".

Much more information about mining, including details about the specific algorithm 

> ("Ethash") used by Ethereum nodes is available on [ethereum.org](http://ethereum.org).

Reviewer: Maybe link to this page? 

```suggestion
("Ethash") used by Ethereum nodes is available on [ethereum.org](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining-algorithms/ethash).
```

[Ethminer Github](https://github.com/ethereum-mining/ethminer/#build). 
Standalone executables are available for Linux, macOS and Windows.

### Using Ethminer with Geth

An account to receive block rewards must first be defined. The address of the account is all 
that is required to start mining - the mining rewards will be credited to that address. This can 
be an existing address or one that is newly created by Geth. More detailed instructions on creating 
and importing accounts are available on the [Account Management](/docs/interface/managing-your-accounts) 
page.

The account address can be provided to `--mining.etherbase` when Geth is started. This instructs Geth 
to direct any block rewards to this address. Once started, Geth will sync the blockchain. If Geth 
has not connected to this network before, or if the data directory has been deleted, this can take 
several days. Also, enable HTTP traffic with the `--http` command.

```shell
geth --http --miner.etherbase 0xC95767AC46EA2A9162F0734651d6cF17e5BfcF10
```

The progress of the blockchain syncing can be monitored by attaching a JavaScript console in another 

> terminal. More detailed information about the console can be found on the 

Reviewer: A lot of "changes" here are because you have changed the linebreaks/whitespace. Makes it more difficult to asses the differences. In the future, please try to do either content-changes XOR whitespace/linebreak changes in the same PR.
